1. Organization Alfa


Organizational Test Process Area Specific Findings:


DESCRIPTION

The  Organizational  Test  Process  comprises  activities  for  the  creation,  review  and  maintenance  of organizational test specifications. It also covers the monitoring of organizational compliance with them. As a result of the successful implementation of the Organizational Test Process:
a)  The requirements for organizational test specifications are identified;
b)  The organizational test specifications are developed;
c)  The organizational test specifications are agreed to by stakeholder(s);
d)  The organizational test specifications are made accessible;
e)  Conformance to the organizational test specifications is monitored;
f)  Updates to organizational test specifications are agreed to by stakeholder(s); and
g)  Updates to the organizational test specifications are made.



ALTERNATE PRACTICES

None identified.


WEAKNESSES

Analysis of peer review data is limited to correcting individual findings. No evidence was observed of analysis performed on collective issues identified during peer reviews to determine underlying issues with groups of work products or with the peer review process.


IMPROVEMENT ACTIVITIES

None identified.


DISCUSSION

Analysis of the data across multiple peer reviews provides insights into problem areas both in the work products and in the processes used to create the work products. Defect density by functional area in requirements, as an example, highlights areas that may not be well understood and likely to produce additional defects later in the process if not addressed early. There was no evidence observed of this type of analysis.


RECOMMENDATIONS
None identified.


APPRAISAL RISK
Low
A similarly experienced team reviewing similar data would very likely document the same issues as this team.


BUSINESS RISK
Low
However, the weakness related to analyzing peer review data impacts the ability to look for trends in issues found, which in turn impacts the ability to implement corrective actions which may prevent future issues from occurring.
